I'm just really bad at texting.
>> Translation: bad at consistency, effort,
and accountability, but great at
excuses.
>> Let's just see where things go.
>> Honey, they're going nowhere. He just
doesn't want you to notice yet.
>> I didn't think it was that deep.
>> Classic line from a man who benefits
from you caring while he stays
unbothered.
>> You're overthinking.
>> No, he is underdeling and hoping
gaslighting will cover it. I have been
really busy lately.
>> Busy men still eat, sleep, and text the
woman they actually don't want to lose.
>> Why are you making this a big deal?
>> Because he prefers access without
accountability. You simply ruined the
vibe by noticing.
>> I don't want labors. It ruins things.
>> Yes, it ruins situationships and that's
the whole point.
>> Join us for dinner.
>> Congratulations. You have just been
successfully merged to his night instead
of being the reason for it. And last but
not least,
>> I will make it up to you.
>> He clearly wants forgiveness now and
effort later, if ever. Let me know if
you want a part two.